[Music]
whilst we're waiting for the cauliflower
today's did you know it might just be up
there as one of the most exciting
because I'm going to be making a pizza
not just any pizza like the healthiest
pizzas but also reach tasty pizza has
always had a special place in my heart
that sadly doesn't agree with me very
well I just find it it's so-so gloating
and it takes me a few days to like get
back to normal so I didn't want to
completely cut pizzas out and that is
where this creation has come in and it
is like a cauliflower pizza now I know
what you're thinking straight off like
no thanks hon like not about that Colie
cauliflower life but it is really good
so I'm just gonna get straight on into
it and show you how I do it it's really
minimal as well like it's just really
easy and quick hi hello Brenda voiceover
so starting with the main ingredient
which is cauliflower so I'm just using
this cauliflower rice that I got from
Aldi but you could obviously use some
large qualifiers and then chop them down
into like the small pieces using like a
food processor but obviously this is
just way quicker and Aldi sell these so
I start with those then you're going to
need one whole egg just that little guy
then you're just going to need some
cheese or preference I quite like using
mozzarella or like any low-fat cheese
and then for my spices I'm just using
some Oregon Oh this is just for the base
and the first step is just to microwave
and cook the rice I'm doing it about
five minutes and I'm just taking out
every like minute or so and shaking it
round the best thing with this like you
can use cauliflower florets or what I've
done the quick and easy way just some
cauliflower rice I got this from Aldi
and yeah this just so search time rather
than using like a food processor to cut
down the cauliflower and see it and
they're really cheap and reasonable from
Aldi so that it's a good little pad
whilst we're waiting for the cauliflower
so I'll make sure I leave that the
macros and everything on the screen it's
quite high protein very very yummy
I'm loving this whole cauliflower hype
at the moment like I feel like you can
make some really nice dishes like
smoothies as well before so before you
drain your cauliflower rice make sure
you leave it to cool so you don't burn
your hands but I grab just like a tea
towel I'll show you the kind of fabric
to drain so yeah but and it's really
important to drain the cauliflower just
so that there's like less moisture in
meaning that you're not gonna have a
completely soggy pizza bay so I'm using
about 320 grams of the colorful rice and
I'm just pouring that into my lovely tea
towel there and yet just make sure it is
extra of course that you don't burn your
hands click super hot when it comes
straight out the microwave and just
putting that all together this is
honestly it's so satisfying and watching
it all pour out like it's crazy how much
water came out of this thing but yeah
this is really important especially if
you were using this for meal prep
because when you pop it in the freezer
and everything it'll just end up like a
a soggy hot mess when you come like to
take out again and so yeah then the next
step is to beat one of your eggs before
adding it on into like one large mixing
bowl to make the base so in my bowl I'm
adding about 65 grams of mozzarella
that's what's in there 1 beaten egg a
teaspoon of oregano and just some salt
and pepper and obviously got any of the
spices that you would like to add and
then just mixing that all together then
I'm just popping all the mixture onto
some baking paper or if you've got like
a proper pizza polite thing for the
event that is even better and just like
flatten it out yeah it's my heat serve a
pop this into
and a lot of markets were through it I
can't wait to eat this that goes in the
oven for about 25 minutes but just keep
an eye on it
and if you use frozen cauliflower it
might take a little bit longer but yeah
just like keep your eye on it and
obviously depending on how crispy you
prefer things and whatnot just go off
that so I'm going to now start on my
toppings the best part obviously
whatever I use like you can just mix it
up to beyond any alternatives but yeah
I'm just gonna make a tomato kind of
base with some like there's some
greenery bits of time so for your
toppings you're just going to need a tin
of chopped tomatoes I always get the one
with herbs in from Audi egg garlic I use
about two cloves half an onion and some
mozzarella or cheese our preference some
basil and also some time these are all
the difference I always think on a pizza
and then I'm just using some olive oil
in a pan and first off add in my diced
onion I've just used like half an onion
here and then I'm just popping my garlic
I used two clothes but I don't cook this
for too long because you don't want to
burn a lot that's most important thing
lots of burn so you can taste it and
then I'm just popping my chunky tomatoes
in with the cooked onions and everything
giving that a stir and leaving it on a
low heat and then getting my time ready
and just peeling this off this is like
so two years doing this okay and
chopping that into like really fine
pieces obviously just add as much you
like before popping that in and then
stirring that around leaving that to
simmer just for a few minutes and
getting my basil ready I just chopped it
into like really fine little bits it's
quite stronger I find and popping that
in lastly into my thing and then my
pizza base is finished and ready how
good does that look
it's not so nice I had like a really
strong like cheesy smell really nice and
yeah it's quite solid and then after
that a simmer for 20 minutes I just
popped my toppings on to the pizza base
spread that about and add some
mozzarella onto top how satisfying is
chopping cheese my goodness me so
popping that in before putting it back
in the oven for about 20 minutes and
here we have my finished pizza
I added some basil just on the top but
obviously that's optional absolutely
looks amazing and I can't believe how
much the mozzarella is like melted into
the feet sir and I was really impressed
with how this turned out obviously it's
like you can just mix and match with so
much on these pizzas and it tastes
really lie and it's not too heavy on
your stomach at all but yet I really
hope you enjoyed this recipe so
that brings us to the end of this video
I really hope you enjoyed it and let me
know if you do try this recipe and
tagging it over on my Instagram I'll
leave all the link to everything it down
in the description box below and I'll
see you guys in the next video
[Music]